README.md, before:

### Hey there, my name is Young 👋

## I'm passionate about helping businesses make informed decisions leveraging data. 
### I have a knack for excellence 😎


- I have 3+ years of experience working with Data in various capacities - Business Intelligence Analyst, Sales Data Analyst, Data Analyst (Data Quality & Data Validation), and Data Analyst (Billing Specialist) :v:

- I have ~1 year experience as a Data engineer intern with experience in EdTech :rocket:

- I am currently honing my Data Engineering skills :rocket:

- I am currently exploring the modern data stack in a truly open source way :rocket:

- My Long term goal is to become a full stack Data Engineer :fire: :fire:

## Projects
### Library Management System (LMS)
- Description: A simple Python Library Management System (LMS) application that models and manages a library activities including members, inventory also manages borrowing and returning of books by members.
- Repository Link: [Link to Repository](https://github.com/EbunClef/LMS.git)
- Technologies Used:
  - Python
  - Git

### Expense Tracker
- Description: A simple Python application that models and manages financial expenses.
- Repository Link: [Link to Repository](https://github.com/EbunClef/Expense_Tracker.git)
- Technologies Used:
  - Python
  - SQL
  - Git


### Languages, Frameworks and Tools
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23F05033.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud%20-%234285F4.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DBT-FF5733?style=for-the-badge&logo=dbt&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=Power%20BI&logoColor=black" />


<br />
<br />


### connect with me :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
[<img align="left" alt="ebunclef | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Young Ayodele | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Young Ayodele | Medium" width="22px" src="https://simpleicons.org/icons/medium.svg" />][medium]

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/ebunclef
[medium]: https://medium.com/@young.ayodele
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/young-ayodele

Commit message:

Revise experience and add Databricks project
Updated experience details and added a new project section for an ELT pipeline with Databricks.

README.md, after:

### Hey there, my name is Young 👋

## I'm passionate about helping businesses make informed decisions leveraging data. 
### I have a knack for excellence 😎


- I have 3+ years of experience working with Data in various capacities - Business Intelligence Analyst, Sales Data Analyst, Data Analyst (Data Quality & Data Validation), and Data Analyst (Billing Specialist) :v:

- I have ~2 years of experience as a Data engineer intern with experience in EdTech :rocket:

- I am currently honing my Data Engineering skills :rocket:

- I am currently exploring the modern data stack in a truly open source way :rocket:

- My long-term goal is to become a full-stack Data Engineer :fire: :fire:

## Projects
### Library Management System (LMS)
- Description: A simple Python Library Management System (LMS) application that models and manages library activities, including members, inventory, and manages borrowing and returning of books by members.
- Repository Link: [Link to Repository](https://github.com/EbunClef/LMS.git)
- Technologies Used:
  - Python
  - Git

### Expense Tracker
- Description: A simple Python application that models and manages financial expenses.
- Repository Link: [Link to Repository](https://github.com/EbunClef/Expense_Tracker.git)
- Technologies Used:
  - Python
  - SQL
  - Git

 ### End-to-End ELT Pipeline with Databricks
- Description: An ELT data pipeline designed end-to-end on Databricks.
- Repository Link: [Link to Repository](https://github.com/EbunClef/databricks_bootcamp_2026.git)
- Technologies Used:
  - Databricks
  - Pyspark
  - Spark SQL
  - Job Orchestration
  - Git



### Languages, Frameworks and Tools
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git%20-%23F05033.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud%20-%234285F4.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=sql&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Databricks-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=databricks&logoColor=white" />
<img align="left" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DBT-FF5733?style=for-the-badge&logo=dbt&logoColor=white" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=Power%20BI&logoColor=black" />


<br />
<br />


### connect with me :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
[<img align="left" alt="ebunclef | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Young Ayodele | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Young Ayodele | Medium" width="22px" src="https://simpleicons.org/icons/medium.svg" />][medium]

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/ebunclef
[medium]: https://medium.com/@young.ayodele
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/young-ayodele
